---
title: 'Start self-hosting'
---

# How to self-host

::alert{type="info"}
We **do not** provide support on how to self-host. If you can't figure it out then tough luck. Please do not make GitHub issues or ask in our Discord server for support on how to self-host.
::

Since movie-web has many different components, there are a few configurations of how you can host it. Each of these configurations has their own benefits, whether that be having complete control over your data or customizing your experience.
**If you don't know what to choose, go with [method 1.](#method-1---only-host-the-frontend)**

## Method 1 - Only host the frontend

With this method, you only host the essential parts that make movie-web work. But keep using the account server from official movie-web.
This method is the easiest to self-host and is recommended for most users.

1. [Set up the Proxy!](../2.proxy/1.deploy.md)
2. [Set up the Client!](../3.client/1.deploy.md)

## Method 2 - Only host the account server

If you want to own your own data, it's possible to self-host just the account server and nothing else.
This method is only recommended if you have experience hosting databases or other similar stateful applications.

1. [Set up the Backend!](../4.backend/1.deploy.md)
2. [Configure the Client!](../3.client/1.deploy.md)

## Method 3 - Host everything

If you want an instance that's completely isolated from the official movie-web. You can self-host all of the parts yourself, though this method is not recommended for inexperienced hosters.

1. [Set up the Proxy!](../2.proxy/1.deploy.md)
2. [Set up the Backend!](../4.backend/1.deploy.md)
3. [Set up the Client!](../3.client/1.deploy.md)
