---
title: 'Changelog'
---

# Version 4.1.3

- Add support for downloading HLS playlists
- Added cdn replacements configuration option
- new translations: estonian, toki pona, spanish
- Translation improvements: german, turkish, nepali, chinese

# Version 4.1.2

- Improve bundle chunking
- Add millionjs for faster react
- Update all dependency versions
- Translation improvements: czech, hebrew, german
- Fix mobile controls not going away after some time
- Improve poster quality
- Fix "media not found" error not being shown
- Add more information to the error details modal

# Version 4.1.1

- Fixed bug where settings toggles sometimes weren't usuable
- Fixed bug where captions were permanently enabled
- Fixed some missing translations
- Translation improvements: arabic, french, nepali, chinese

# Version 4.1.0

- Added new translations: arabic, chinese, latvian, thai, nepali, dutch
- Translation improvements: turkish, hebrew
- Fixed text directions for captions
- Anti-tamper script has been removed and replaced with turnstile (this is the devtools blocked, you can use devtools again)
- Added way to add the providers-api instead of proxies

# Version 4.0.2

- Added new translations: Hebrew, French, German, Swedish, Turkish.
- Added minion joke language. Blame @jip\_.
- Thumbnail preview no longer goes under the next episode button.
- Passphrase inputs are now actual password fields, so they may act nicer with password managers.
- The player now remembers what your subtitle settings were, so no longer you need to keep selecting english everytime you watch.
- Fix home link not working with /s/:term shortcut.
- Swedish flag is now an actual Swedish flag.
- Fix for various layout issues with small width mobile screens.

# Version 4.0.0

::alert{type="info"}
If you are upgrading from a previous version, make sure to read [the upgrade guide](5.upgrade.md).
::

### Bug fixes

- Fixed bug where video player overlays the controls on IOS.
- Fixed bug where you are kicked out of the fullscreen when switching episode.
- Fixed bug where you cannot select a different episode if first episode fails to load.

### Enhancements

- Completely redesigned look and feel for the entire website.
- Added FAQ and DMCA pages.
- Source loading page is more detailed.
- Video player has been remade from scratch, all internal workings are brand new.
- You can now input numbers manually into the subtitle customization menu.
- Subtitle delay can now be increased outside of the slider range by inputting manual numbers.
- Movie and show URL's now include the name of the media in the link, makes it easier at a glance to see what a link is about.
- Instructions on how to download are now given inside the app.
- Chromecasting no longer shows captions on the web player (still doesnt show on cast receiver)
- Chromecasting now supports HLS

### New features

- Quality selector! You can now switch qualities.
- Search bar no longer requires you to choose between shows or movies.
- Visit `/s/:term` to quickly watch something. For example `https://movie-web.app/s/hamilton`.
- You can now add movie-web as a search provider in your browser.
- Safari now has subtitles when fullscreening.
- A next episode button will appear when close to the end of an episode, allowing quick switching to next episode.
- When seeking and hovering over progress bar, you will now see a thumbnail for the place you're hovering.
- Subtitles now have language flag next to them.
- Your subtitle preference gets saved.
- Turn on subtitles using keyboard shortcut `C`.
- Self-hosters can now test their configurations at the `/admin` page.
- Subtitles can now be downloaded.
- Sync your data through online accounts (using passphrases for maximum privacy)
- You can now choose your own worker URL set in the settings page.
- A custom backend server URL can be set on the settings page.
- On the settings page, you can now choose between multiple themes.
